README.md, before:

mBank
=====

Simple Transaction fetcher by Mestrona GbR.

Works with AqBanking to fetch bank transactions and save them to database table.


Installation
============

1. Clone the git repository
2. Install composer (if not yet done)
3. run `composer install`
4. Install the database schema from `schema.sql` and `schema_update_1.sql`

Usage
=====

1. Copy config/accounts.template.php to config/accounts.php and fill info
   (database info + account data)
   
2. Call `php mbank default` to fetch the recent transactions for the default
account. You can configure as many accounts as you like

3. If the tan mode is wrong, you can find out the valid ones by calling `aqhbci-tool4 listitanmodes --user=1`

Debugging
=========

After initializing, try manually

    export BIC=  # Enter bank code here
    export ACCOUNT=  # Enter account code here
    aqbanking-cli --acceptvalidcerts request --bank=$BIC --account=$ACCOUNT --ctxfile=.storage/aqBanking.ctx --balance --transactions
    aqbanking-cli --acceptvalidcerts getaccounts--bank=$BIC --account=$ACCOUNT
    aqbanking-cli --acceptvalidcerts listaccounts --bank=$BIC --account=$ACCOUNT 

License
=======

MIT

Commit message:

Add --all switch to fetch for all configured accounts

README.md, after:

mBank
=====

Simple Transaction fetcher by Mestrona GbR.

Works with AqBanking to fetch bank transactions and save them to database table.


Installation
============

1. Clone the git repository
2. Install composer (if not yet done)
3. run `composer install`
4. Install the database schema from `schema.sql` and `schema_update_1.sql`

Usage
=====

1. Copy config/accounts.template.php to config/accounts.php and fill info
   (database info + account data)
   
2. Call `php mbank default` to fetch the recent transactions for the default
account. You can configure as many accounts as you like.
Call `php mbank --all` to fetch recent transaction for all configured accounts.


3. If the tan mode is wrong, you can find out the valid ones by calling `aqhbci-tool4 listitanmodes --user=1`

Debugging
=========

After initializing, try manually

    export BIC=  # Enter bank code here
    export ACCOUNT=  # Enter account code here
    aqbanking-cli --acceptvalidcerts request --bank=$BIC --account=$ACCOUNT --ctxfile=.storage/aqBanking.ctx --balance --transactions
    aqbanking-cli --acceptvalidcerts getaccounts--bank=$BIC --account=$ACCOUNT
    aqbanking-cli --acceptvalidcerts listaccounts --bank=$BIC --account=$ACCOUNT 

License
=======

MIT
